# financial-planning-app
An app for helping me planning my finances, built with LLMs

## Worklog

I track the time spent building this application to analyse how it compares to traditional (no LLMs) software
development. 

1. 21:00 25/05/2025 - 10 minutes setting up Cursor, ChatGPT, Github repository etc.
2. 21:10 25/05/2025 - 40 minutes creating a custom GPT for product design and desining the app.
3. 23:00 25/05/2025 - 60 minutes creating custom GPTs for architecture, UI/UX, and Cursor rules.
4. 00:00 25/05/2025 - 60 minutes debugging shit generated by Cursor trying to initialize the project.
5. 12:30 26/05/2025 - 30 minutes delete everything, start from scratch with t3 and simpler specs
6. 13:00 26/05/2025 - 120 minutes experimeting with multiple prompots, building the frontend of the dashboard.
7. 17:00 26/05/2025 - ...

## Notes

* Cursor silently deleted my project folder and replaced it with another one, because it tried to run next.js init,
    the command failed, becuase my folder was not empty, so Cursor decided to run next.js init in another folder and
    then forcefully copy all the files, thus destroying .git, README.md etc.
* Pretty bad at initializing the project, it cannot handle gluing all the tech necessary for a working project.
* GPT & Cursor pretty bad at generating UI/UX specs and implementing them.
* Works best when you do something small and incrementally (like build one simple widget) and
then you instruct it to do it again. You need to be careful providing intial "architecture".
* Hard to get tests working.
* Duplicates a lot of code, we need to add some rule/explicit prompt to avoi this.